=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 15=
Who else was it supposed to be,
Zhu Lingtai?
Your Highness.
Many years ago, the Imperial Preceptor
of the Imperial Observatory once foretold
that I was a lone star of misfortune,
doomed to bring harm
to my family and lord.
Could it be
that Zhu Lingtai now believes
the Crown Prince is a monster too?
I would never dare, Your Highness.
Your Majesty, please see clearly.
Just now,
you sounded completely certain.
Why change your tune all of a sudden?
Could it be the one instructing you
wasn't fate,
but a person?
Prince Jing, what are you saying?
Zhu Lingtai
is only doing his duty.
Since ancient times,
fortune and disaster
have always gone hand in hand.
A slight mistake
is understandable.
Right?
Yes.
Her Highness is right.
I carefully observed
the stars again just now.
I truly made a mistake.
This isn't an evil star clashing
with the Purple Star.
Instead...
Instead, it's an auspicious omen.
Your Majesty.
Yes. Today is Your Majesty's birthday.
A great blessing is bound to appear.
I observed the stars,
and this blessing...
This blessing
should have already arrived.
Hmm.
Your Majesty, the blessing!
Look, it really is a blessing!
So annoying!
What's with all this blessing nonsense?
They insistedon smearing this stuff on me.
What even is this thing?
It's so uncomfortable stuck on me.
Hahaha!
What a fine deer.
(Good thing I came prepared.)
(I may not be able to harm that little jinx,
at least it'll help my son save face.)
Yes,
just like that.
Slow down.
Be graceful.
Once you've walked a few more steps,
find the person carrying
the scent and lick them once.
Then I'll get something tasty to eat.
Father.
That's a fake deer.
Watch closely.
I'll perform a trick for Grandfather.
Grandfather.
The divine deer has arrived.
We need some music for it.
Hey.
There's such a thing?
- Don't you think this sounds awful?
- You simply don't appreciate it.
You...
That sound...
That sound is pretty nice.
Wait.
Why can I understand this sound?
Young Mistress of the Mystic Crow Clan?
(Don't come over.)
(Dance while answering me.)
(My grandfather likes it.
I want to ask you something.)
(How much did they give you
to put on this act?)
Just a basket of apples.
They're so stingy.
Not only did they paint me white,
they also told me to find someone
wearing perfume and lick them.
Look at that person.
He looks like a horse.
We deer don't like that.
(I see.)
(I'll give you three times as much.
Just cooperate with me.)
Deal.
Zhu Lingtai.
Your Majesty, please see clearly.
This auspicious beast
is a divine creature sent from heaven.
It will naturally approach
those blessed with great fortune.
It merely danced
along with the Little Princess.
Their connection
simply isn't deep enough.
Your Majesty, look.
The divine deer chose the Crown Prince!
Hahahaha!
You beast!
Drag this beast out of here!
My son!
The white paint all over me feels awful.
I need to shake it off.
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪